>> Brian Holt: So let's talk about state.
So what we've talked about
before has been about props,
right, child passing down data
from the parents to the child.
And something interesting and
useful to talk about that, is the parents
can pass down data to the child, but
vice versa does not work, right?
So the child, has no concept of who its
parents are, which is sad, I suppose.
>> Brian Holt: But it can't interact
with its parent, it can't do anything.
The only thing it can do is
accept data from its parents, and
then do something with that data.
This is called one-way data flow.
That's one of the things that,
I'm not gonna say React pioneered it, but
it definitely made that popular
in the front-end landscape.
And now, definitely, Angular and Ember
have adopted that into their frameworks.
And it's been good for
everyone all around.
The reason why this is a really,
really, really good thing,
it kinda feels like it's tying
one hand behind your back.
So does it, but
ends up being a huge net positive.
If the most parent is
having issues you can limit
the children that's causing the issue,
right?
Because the children have no way to
interact with the parents, right?
So the problem has to live within the
parent, that's what I wanted to assert.
So in our particular case, right?
If I have search and
maybe search is having an issue here.
I can already rest assured that ShowCard
isn't causing any issues because ShowCard
has no way to meddle with search, right?
That's the power of one way data flow.
>> Brian Holt: So this is a powerful
thing that I think, Facebook
does really well in particular with
React and some of their other libraries,
is they really optimize for
debugability and maintainability.
>> Brian Holt: And so this idea that you
can see a problem and eliminate entire
swaths of your code where that problem
could not be is really powerful.
Cuz you can start having an issue and you
just get to eliminate two thirds of your
app and you're just gonna instantly start
looking within that one third, right?
It's really, really powerful.
>> Brian Holt: So that's props,
that's when my data flow.
It's definitely a core tenet of react.